"Vera's Melancholy - Part 5 - Roadside Picnic"
When Ike was taking a nap, his servants waged terrible wars against each other.
The great wizard had subdued many Archons and demons to serve himself. As the most formidable wizard of his day, Ike is in command of Archons and demons whose numbers transcend that of a dictionary's entries. Who is the strongest under his rule? The Archons and demons decided to find out for themselves through battle.
Unfortunately, they seemed to have erroneously regarded the Princess, Sachi, and Vera as one of them.
Ike only slept for two hours, but three stars have already been destroyed!
 
"Why must I protect you?" The Princess pulled her hand away, and the giant demon that lost its eyeballs plummeted to the ground.
The dominating race of the Andromeda Empire may look lovely and sweet, but on their palms grow two special mouths, which are used to devour the eyeballs of their lovers and the vanquished.
"Are we not friends?" Vera wiped the blood off her face, and appeared to be hurt by her words.
"Yea-yes," The Princess blushed and looked away. "I have already recognized you as my only friend for what had happened. I was not referring to you, Vera."
"Hey!" Sachi protested from the gnarly jaws of a dragon.
"Tell me, are you going to surrender to me?" The giant dragon challenged in an elderly voice. "Surrender and concede that you are worthless, lowly rats, and I shall let you live."
"I surrender! I surrender already! Let me go!" Sachi screamed.
"Why, a lizard of your despicable breed should know better than to utter such foolish words! The geckos in my palace could crush you." The Princess gave her wrists a twirl.
"This has nothing to do with me!" Sachi was cast into the sky by the dragon.
The battle between the dominant species of Andromeda and the ancient giant dragon had ended in a flash!
 
The moral? You won't get hurt if you just surrender.
Sachi was knocked out of the game and woke Ike up with the slap from a slipper. Vera also survived thanks to the protection of the Princess.
"Argh! You imbecile! The mere sight of you is revolting. Do not come near me! Don't talk to me, don't look at me, nor breathe the same air as me, you lowly scum!" The Princess could not have an even lower opinion of Sachi.