"Vera's Melancholy - Part 10 - Vera's Melancholy"
To revive Vera, Sachi, Ike and the Princess embarked on a spectacular and thrilling journey that lasted twenty years. From battling the Baron of Hell to slaying the intergalactic dragon that devoured stars, the trio had even rescued two galaxies and the Galactic Empire, and eliminated four species of ruthless interstellar worms along the way.
When Vera opened her eyes, she discovered herself in the arms of Sachi, who is now a hero of cosmic proportions.
To the dominant species of Andromeda, twenty years were nothing more than mere seconds. The Princess looked lovely as always, but her countenance was a curious mix of genuine happiness and loss.
Sachi, having lost an eye in his adventures, was now a tall and strapping young man. His flowing tears soaked up Vera's shoulders - though still prone to tears, he was no longer his feeble-minded self.
The years have been kind to Ike, whose face remained faintly smiling.
"I am but an echo of time," Ike began his preparations. "As I've said, the past cannot change the future, for the predetermined rules of equilibrium are slightly more powerful than me. But the future, with its infinite possibilities, could save the world."
 
Ike transformed Sachi back into who he was twenty years ago, and time reversed itself to the day of their departure. Everything seemed to remain unchanged between the four, but they realized that the innocent days they once shared would never return.
"I am sorry for depriving you of your childhood," Ike apologized to him. "Now go, the youth that you deserve awaits."
"I have undergone every wonder in the universe for you, and this was how my childhood ended." Sachi summoned up his courage in front of his fated girl, "I will never reach my youth without you by my side."
 
What would the answer be!?
The author is now living a high life with the royalties of the first nine volumes. If you happen to see him in any of the worlds, please help us pressure him for a new release.