2
"Be good and stay put."
That's what the father of my father had taught me. When I went foxhunting, I always chanted his words silently, so that my hands wouldn't shake when pulling the bowstring.
When I was about to let the arrow go, the fox lifted its head and looked at me straight in the eyes. It's got eyes like the lake - they were glistening like fragmented gemstones.
My head turned into a mess, like high winds were blowing in there. My arrow missed its target and mistakenly smashed the ice that caught its tail. The fox raised its tail, gave me another quick look, and ran into the forest.
I came to my senses and started chasing it - but who in this world could run faster than foxes?
Gradually the fox became increasingly smaller and eventually it turned into a white spot.
"Hey! Don't go!"
I shouted, barely catching my breath.
The white spot slowed down after hearing my words.
"Is it waiting for me?"
I pondered.
"If it's running for its life, it can shake off anyone in no time."
Foxes are strange animals. Even when they are running on flat plains like Windrise with the ends in sight, they would eventually disappear as they kept running.
It felt like they had run into other worlds.
This led me to assert my inference.
"The fox must be waiting for me!"
Believing in the fox, I chased the glittering whites spot hours on end. Suddenly a chilling wind blew.
I shivered and was surprised by what I saw next.
"What am I seeing?"
Instead of one, there were two white spots.
And then they multiplied to three, to four... Their numbers seemed to grow as the winds blew. Eventually I lost track of how many white spots there were.
Then my eyes were stung by white spots that flew into them. I rubbed my eyes and discovered that the white spots were only floating dandelion puff-balls. The fox was gone.
I mocked myself and went home.
I had carrot fox stew without fox or any meat for supper. Archons know how much I hate boiled carrots without meat! I felt starving, and in time I fell asleep.
I woke up in the middle of the night by something stirring around outside my door.