Excerpted from "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom," or more commonly known as"Records of Customs and Culture," by Musk.
 
...
The "Wolf" of the Knights of Borealis, the "Lion" of the Knights of Dandelion (Lion Fang), the "Falcon" of the Knights of Favonius, and the Wind Dragon Dvalin, have been long regarded as the Four Winds that watched over Mondstadt.
After the Knights of Lion Fang liberated Mondstadt, the Knights of Favonius was established, and the Knights of Borealis joined them. The tradition of worshiping the Four Winds was gradually formed in Mondstadt. However, Dvalin, the ancient Wind Dragon, predated them all.
 
Approximately one hundred years ago, the land was in chaos. Darkness spread, contaminating everything it touched. Barbarians and foul creatures roamed the charred lands, forcing people to dwell within the city walls.
It was an especially difficult time for Mondstadt. The Knights of Lion Fang was without a certified heir, and the Knights of Favonius had lost many of its brave men and women during the bitter wars. During the most difficult of times, Durin, the corrupted dragon of unmeasured powers began attacking Mondstadt.
The prayers of Mondstadt's people awoke the Anemo Archon, and his will summoned forth the Wind Dragon Dvalin. As the last defender of Mondstadt, Dvalin battled Durin with all its might.
The result was obvious. The remains of Durin still sleeps on the snowy peaks to the south of Mondstadt, but how the battle ended was lost in time. It is said that Dvalin ripped the throat of Durin out, and together they fell from the sky. Durin's body sunk into the snow while Dvalin was recalled by the Anemo Archon and fell into a slumber.
...
People used to believe that Dvalin would awaken whenever Mondstadt faces a new threat.
But in these times of peace, the belief of the Four Winds has been lost and their temples have all but deserted.
 
(Citation of unknown source: When we finally discovered that the foreign monstrosity named Stormterror, with which the Knights have clashed many times, was Dvalin of the Four Winds; the antagonism formed by hatred could not be dispelled. Awoke from a hundred years of slumber, what Dvalin perceived was, undoubtedly, the betrayal of Mondstadt people whom it protected with its life...)