10
The little fox kept waving back to us as he walked. His figure grew smaller and smaller and turned into a small white spot. The spot blended into the dandelion sea, and slowly faded away.
After he was gone, the foxed turned and walked to me.
Her figure grew bigger with every step taken.
When she finally reached me, she had already morphed into a human.
She was a tall and svelte girl, with a swanlike neck and pearly skin. Her eyes were sparkling like fragmented gemstones in the water, and at night they were more alike the sunlight that tattered the water after filtering through leaves.
"What a beauty. She looks a lot like the girl I fell in love with a long time ago, though I could barely remember her name. But those eyes tell me that she must be her."
I thought.
Tricks and morphing foxes they may be, they are nothing compared to those watery, jeweled eyes. For a while, we stood silently in the boundless dandelion sea.
At last, I could no longer contain myself, and opened my mouth:
"Is this the trick you were going to teach me?"
"Yes. I am most grateful for your help for so long a time."
She lowered herself and bowed to me. Her silky long black hair flowed down her shoulders like streams.
Although saying farewell to the little fox left emptiness in my heart, I soon became exhilarated again when I thought of the morphing trick that I was about to learn.
Could I morph into a flying bird once I've mastered the tricks? How high would I fly? I could also morph into a fish and swim to the Musk Reef, which I've never been to.
"I can also hunt using magic," I couldn't contain my excitement. "No more meatless carrot stews."
"Then I shall ask you to stand still."
She kept walking circles around me, and her body size grew with every lap.
No, not just her. The dandelions are also growing bigger - they were only by my ankles when she started, then they stretched over my waist, and have now become towering trees.
It was only when I felt off did I realize that the fox had become a giant.