"Dandelion, Dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land."
The little fox chanted.
He blew the dandelion flower and sent puff-balls flying. He then spoke in a serious tone.
"By doing so, your wishes will ride the winds and reach the Anemo Archon."
A wind blew past us and swept away many puff-balls.
Did they fly to somewhere nice along my hopes and dreams?
 
1
When did this happen?
Some time ago, in the back of the village, there grew countless lush trees, and at the center of the forest was a small lake.
The lake was like the glass windows of the Mondstadt Cathedral, for they were all crystal clear and they shimmered under the sun.
The sun shone through the leaves and left what looked like fragmented gemstones on the lake water. It was really something.
On that day the weather was cool. I was hunting in the forest, and when I walked to the lake. The shimmering water somehow reminded me of a girl I loved a long time ago.
Couldn't remember what she was like, but her eyes must have looked like the water, glittering like fragmented gemstones.
I lost myself as I stared at the glistening water. I halfheartedly walked along the lake - I must have forgotten that I was out for a hunt.
I woke up when I heard the sound of something freezing up. It was a Mist Flower growing by the lake that just froze its surrounding water. Next to it was a white fox that had its tail frozen in the water. Poor critter.
"Must have accidentally lowered its tail into the water by the Mist Flower when drinking."
Mist Flower is a dangerous plant and could potentially cause frostbites if handled without care. Gotta take extra measures before picking.
Seeing me getting near, the fox struggled in fear, but it only served to tuck on its still frozen tail, and the fox whimpered in pain.
"Oh no, this won't do."
I though to myself.
"What a poor critter. It's gonna die anyway if I don't save it, so I might as well end its pain by bringing it home as my game for the day."
I imagined what a delicious fox stew I could cook with the carrots I grew. Just thinking of the hot stew gave me energy and brought a smile to my face.
So I took out my hunter's bow and carefully walked toward it.
"Be good and stay put."