3
I failed to catch the white fox and had to sleep with tasteless boiled carrots in my stomach. If not for what happened next, I must have forgotten about the fox by now.
I suddenly woke up because I heard strange noises coming from the door.
"Could it be boars that came to eat my carrots?"
I hopped out of bed and opened my door. To my surprise, there stood a tiny little white fox. Its fur so white that it glowed in the dark, not different from the sunlight sparkling on the water after filtering through leaves.
"It must be that fox from the day!"
I thought to myself and then saw those eyes that looked like gemstones in the water. They were looking at me as if they were doing so from the bottom of my heart.
So I walked to the fox with nothing in my hands but sleepy eyes.
This time it stayed still and waited for me in silence.
The closer I was to the fox, the bigger the fox looked.
By the time I stood before it, it had magically morphed into a human.
She was a tall and svelte girl, with a swanlike neck and pearly skin. Her eyes were sparkling like fragmented gemstones in the water, and at night they were more alike the sunlight that tattered the water after filtering through leaves.
"What a beauty. She looks a lot like the girl I fell in love with a long time ago, though I could barely remember her name. But those eyes tell me that she must be her."
I thought.
"This can't be. This must be its magic trick."
But the strangest thing was that I just knew that foxes could use magic. Guess you'd believe anything when you see those eyes.
Tricks and morphing foxes they may be, they are nothing compared to those watery, jeweled eyes. For a while, we stood silently in the dead of night.
And at last she spoke. Though not in our common language, I could somehow understand her. Must be another of her tricks.
"I would have died by the lake if you had not come in my hour of need."
She paused and continued:
"Though dying by the jeweled lake is not necessarily a bad thing,"
"Us foxes are grateful beings, so you must let me return the favor."
She lowered herself and bowed to me. Her silky long black hair flowed down her shoulders like streams.