In the time of aristocrats, there stood a high tower in Mondstadt Square. It was built to honor Barbatos the Anemo Archon in name, yet in its essence, it was a flamboyant display of wealth and power by the royals to gloat over the commoners. The commoners who lived in the dark ages could only find little solace at Ludi Harpastum.
At one Ludi Harpastum, a wandering singer from distant lands arrived in the city. The name of the exotic lass was Inès, and her incredible beauty attracted everyone at the festival. People vied for a glance of her throwing the Harpastum or a hearing of her singing foreign ballads, no matter their status and age.
 
"The blessings of Barbatos are for everyone! You are only sinful if you are bitter at such joyous occasions!"
 
As she sang these verses, she handed out her earnings during the festival to the poor and orphans in the city.
The Archbishop, who was then a frail man among the crowds, fell for her at first sight. But his piety filled him with anger at such irrepressible emotions of his, and her deeds which violated the Church's right to aid to the poor further irked him. 
As known to all, in today's Mondstadt belief, Barbatos the Anemo Archon encourages people to seek love and pursue freedom, but in the dark ages the Anemo Archon slept, and the city was tormented by the tyranny of the nobles, the poverty of the commoners, and the ravage of the dragon, and the self-proclaimed "orthodox" church, which was a mere figurehead, asserted abstinence to avert divine punishment. Under such circumstances, even the harp which symbolized the wind had been reduced to play only the songs deemed "holy." However, the "divine punishment" was little more than an excuse fabricated by the nobles to conceal their avarice and restrict the commoners.
 
"To let her stay in the city is to bewitch all its denizens. What wickedness will the witch bring?" The Archbishop pondered maliciously.
 
And so the Archbishop plotted to hunt down Inès, and planned to confine her to the Cathedral while awaiting further instructions. Due to the traditions of the time, the maid chosen to throw the Harpastum should serve at the royal court for three days after the celebration, under the protection of the aristocrats. The Archbishop decided to send his adopted son, Octave, to sneak into the royal court and abduct Inès.
Octave was an unwelcome child, who was abandoned by his superstitious parents at birth, and later raised by the Archbishop. As a child, he was persecuted and abused by the citizens for being seen as a bad omen of draconic disasters. The only person who protected and treated Octave like a father was the Archbishop, and thus the Archbishop won his utmost trust.
 
"Take the maid who threw the Harpastum yesterday to me! Disturb no one and speak to no one of my name. "
 
Under the order of the Archbishop, Octave climbed onto the balcony of the court chambers at nightfall. Upon seeing the girl weeping in the moonlight, his pure heart was stirred, for he had never perceived such a wondrous sight. He stared at the girl, leaving his task forgotten.
But the silence of the tranquil moment shared by Octave and the girl was interrupted by the servants...