"Breeze in the Forest" and "Breeze in the Lake" constitute a two-volume collection of narrative poems. Scholars have recorded and arranged many songs sang by nameless Mondstadt bards, from which the two volumes were compiled.
Bards often elaborate or fabricate history to earn audiences and a few more Mora. Hence, most of their works have extremely low credibility. What permits the songs to remain popular till this day against the thousand winds of time, were the threads of spectacular imagination and ingenious rhetoric that have been woven into them.
...
"What to be sung hails from ancient times."
"The Archons walked among us in their prime."
The poet, who had finished the tales of the ruins and Vennessa, began to tell the story of the Wind Dragon. He began to sang, "The story to be told hails from ancient times, when the Archons walked among us in their prime." The dragon graced by Anemo was born in Gaotian* in that age of wonders. It slowly descended, and inspected everything with curious eyes.
He landed in a village, but the terrified villagers threw rocks at it. The dragon could not understand why they cried in fear.
He landed in a cemetery, and only heard the lament of grieving people. The dragon could not understand what they murmured in sorrow.
He landed in an orchard, but was cursed by the furious farmers who lost their trees. The dragon could not understand why they screamed in anger.
The world was too complicated for a young dragon. The dragon was bewildered, yet it did not give up.
Until one day, the dragon heard music pouring out from the Holy Lyre. "Der Himmel" was the name of the lyre which accompanied the Anemo Archon. Charmed by the poetry, the Wind Dragon landed beside the best singer under the skies.
People panicked, for the mighty elemental dragons and the great Archons that reigned the earth have never seen eye to eye with each other.
"Behold its beauty and benignity!" The bard of winds sang.
"But we do not know its mind," the people replied.
The music and poetry mesmerized both dragons and humans alike. What magic that I could not fathom! The dragon decided to stay by the bard, for it too wished to be understood by all souls. It learned human speech and the bard's techniques.
...omitted...
The later generations regarded it as one of the Four Winds that watched over and protected Mondstadt.
 
"Atrous sun befell its kingdom and luminous pearl lost its glow."
"Niveous silk caught dimness and wheaten gold burned no more."
So begins another tale that occurred in the lost Kanrya Kingdom.
The Blacksun Dynasty had fallen, and disaster spread across the land. The alchemists known as Gold was corrupted by his own greed and ambition, and created an army of shadowy monsters with his uncanny powers. Durin, a black serpentine dragon, rose from the sea to cast its shadow over Mondstadt. But it was at this very moment that the Knights of Lion Fang had no successor, and the Knights of Favonius could not fly their falcon flag.
The persistent yet despondent prayers called upon the Archon of Mondstadt, the Singer of Winds. The strings of the lyre were strummed once more, and the Wind Dragon was summoned forth.
As Mondstadt's last line of defense, the Wind Dragon battled the wicked dragon to the death in the raging storms.
The Wind Dragon prevailed. It tore open the throat of the wicked dragon, at the cost of ingesting its venomous blood. The blood of the wicked drgaon was distorted gold, with the powers to crumble mountains and poison the earth.
The Wind Dragon protected Mondstadt with its life, and its only wish was to be understood by humans. And so, it drifted off to a deep slumber.
The Holy Lyre played a sorrowful tune.
The Holy Lyre sang, should you awaken, spread your wings and live your life freely! A dragon is born to soar the skies, and mortals shall grasp your beauty...
 
(Gaotian*: Lives born by the elements turn into slimes if descended, and butterflies, if ascended; few become dangerous elemental monsters. Draconic elemental creatures are rarely seen and have the powers to match the bygone demons.)