Vera's Melancholy - Part 2 - My Backyard is Slightly Bigger than the Entire Universe
"All I can do now is ask you to help me." The black-haired boy, who called himself Ike, forced a kitchen knife into Vera's hand.
He walked back to the cupboard and began slashing the tentacles frantically.
"Come and help me close this door! If a tentacle starts attacking you, use this kitchen knife to defend yourself!" Ike's glasses were covered in blue slime. "Hurry! We can't let this evil Archon be summoned into Delphi."
Upon hearing his words, Vera helped Ike close the door. While they were pushing back the tentacles, Vera accidentally stabbed Ike twice in the back. Thankfully, Ike's healing spells were quite potent.
"I shall explain everything to you. I am in fact over a thousand years old, and this door leads to anywhere in the universe. That tentacle monster is an old one from the Large Magellanic Cloud — I went there to get something." Ike was covered in slime, so all he could do was wipe his glasses with Vera's dress. "Erm, is there anything else that you'd like to know?"
"Who's Tal?" Vera didn't seem to mind.
"An evil spirit that resided in the man-devouring castle. It has served me as a butler since I subdued it. Strangely, it behaved quite friendly towards you."
 
Vera's parents always reminded her that people are destined to build families, and that anything beyond homestead shall remain a dream. Her buddy Sachi once told her that if a lively girl like her was married to someone in a faraway land, this whole village would become unbearably lonely.
(Simply because Sachi looks too frail, and he'd get bullied if he ever played with the boys.)
"The human spirit is still too immature. I need to guide you both through the wonders of your childhood." Ike extended his inviting arms to Vera. "You will sing on your journey to eventually reach youth."
From the Orion Arm to the Eternal City of Demons, from the Torrents of Time to the depths of the Starry Sea...
"How far is 'beyond'? Any place in this universe is just as boring as my backyard." He said.
"The scale of everything beyond follows the heart," Ike replied. "Thus, my heart is slightly bigger than the entire universe."